What is your favourite subject at college?
What's your hidden talent?
What are three of your favorite dog names of all time?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
What’s your dream car?
Who was the last person that made you cry, and why?
What's your go-to ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite ice breaker question?
What are you passionate about?
What's something you hope will never change?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, which food would you pick?
What’s your best memory so far this year?
What do you like least about living in your city/town?
What do you like most about living in your city/town?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Do you wake up by yourself, to an alarm, music, or have someone else wake you up?
Are you more of a spontaneous or structured person?
How have your goals changed as you've gotten older?
What's the best thing to do on a hot summer day?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is your favorite smell?
What is your favorite day of the year?
Do you smile for pictures?
Do you wear slippers at home?
Do you remember the last dream you had?
How have you changed since you were a kid?
What are three websites that you visit daily?
What are three smart phone apps that you can't live without?
How do you keep up to date with the news?
What was the last picture you took on your phone?
How often do you use your phone?
What technology or business do you think will be obsolete within the next 10 years?
What is your morning routine like?
What is your evening routine like?
What is the first thing that you think of in the morning?
What is the last thing that you think of before you go to sleep?
If you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would that be?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be?
If there was an extra hour every day, what would you do with it?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be and why?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
If you became prime minister, what is the first thing you would do?
What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?
If you could try out any job for one week, what job would you choose to try?
If you could eliminate one thing that you did everyday, what would it be?
If you could spend one hour with any living person, who would it be and what would you choose to do?
Did you have any nicknames growing up?
What is the worst injury you've had?
What jobs have you worked at?
What is the latest you stayed up until this past week?
What is the earliest you woke up this past week?
What are your favorite and least favorite parts of your week?
What did you learn in this past week?
What do you think your life will look like in 10 years?
What would you like to do when you retire?
What age do you want to live to?
After a long day, do you prefer to hang out with friends or spend time alone?
What is your favorite brand?
What do you like to do to celebrate your birthday?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What do you like to spend your money on?
Do you prefer to relax in your free time or do something active?
Do you shower in the morning or at night? Why?
What is your favorite party/board game?
What type of movies do you like to watch?
Would you rather watch or play sports?
What do you use to listen to music?
Do you prefer to travel or stay close to home?
When going on a vacation, would you prefer to join a tour or plan out everything by yourself?
Have you ever gone on vacation by yourself?
What do you like to do when you go to the beach?
Do you prefer to have many friends or just a few close ones?
Do you have a big family?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
What is the first thing that you notice when meeting someone new?
What do you think the best invention is?
What is your favorite place to be?
Tell me your best advice?
If you could learn any skill, what would it be?
What is the meaning of your name?
Do you believe in luck or do you believe that people make their own luck?
What is your favorite conversation starter?
If money was not an issue, what would you do with your life?
Do you prefer to wear fashionable clothes or comfortable clothes?
What motivates you?
What do you like and/or dislike about your school?
What do you like and/or dislike about your job?
Why did you choose Computer Science?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What's your favorite comfort food?
Do you prefer to eat at home or eat out?
What food do you like to snack on?
What is your favorite dessert?
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?
If someone you were trying to impress was coming over to your home for dinner, what would you make for them?
What was your worst restaurant experience?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
How important is the decor of a restaurant to you?
What is your favourite place to study?
What is the strangest dream you've ever had?
If you've had something unexplainable happen to you, what was it?
Do you beieve in ghosts/the paranormal?
What is your favourite band?
What is your favourite music genre?
What was the last convert you've been to?
What is the next concert you want to go to?
What would you change if you could go back 10 years but keep all your current memories?
If money wasnt an issue, what would you do with your life>
What do you do to calm down after a stressful day?
What is your favourite decoration in your bedroom?
What is one thing you'd love to own one day?
What are your opinions on the Mazda MX-5 na?
If you could wipe a game from your memory and replay it, what would it be?
If you could wipe a movie from your memory and rewatch it, what would it be?
Have you ever broken a bone? If so, how?
What programming language do you wish you knew?
What programming language do you wish was taught at college?
What is your biggest ick?
What is your biggest green flag?
what is the best subject?
what is your favourite topic in computer science?
What is your most played song?